Ug cutoff (#124)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-W09-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

| **Contact Index Number** | The `INDEX` used in `edit`, `delete` and `rsv` commands.     |
| **Tags**                 | Tags are used for finding persons with the `filter` command. |

* All fields on the contact card (`NAME`, `TAG`, `PHONE_NUMBER`, `ADDRESS`, `EMAIL`) will be truncated if 

>   they are too long, to maintain neatness. The character limit before truncation is sufficient for quick 
>   recognition at a glance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  they are too long, to maintain neatness. The character limit before truncation is sufficient for most inputs so normal usage is not hindered.
```
